{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Questions:
\b0 \
\

\b General:
\b0 \
	1g- What do you use web mapper for? (Emphasize variety of use cases)\
	2g- General likes/complaints? (for the end) Would you use it again?\
\

\b Basic features:
\b0 \
	1s- What did you think of the saving and loading paradigm (if you used it)?\
	2s- How about expression editing?\
\

\b Views:\
	
\b0 1v
\b - 
\b0 What did you think of the different views?\
	2v- Were you able to understand the structure of the network through the available visualizations? Which one worked the best?\
	3v- Were you able to manipulate the network quickly and intuitively with the available UI features? Which visualization worked the best?\
\

\b Functionality:
\b0 \
	4f- Was the program responsive enough?\
	5f- Did you notice any bugs?\
	6f- What features would you like to see implemented? \
\

\b Hakon
\b0 :\
\
	1g - Hakon used webmapper to map audio signals to haptic devices in a glove while simultaneously outputting audio. He used two devices, with a half dozen signals. He had to switch often between mappings for he was conducting an experiment that involved comparison between them. He used the expression to scale signals.\
	Users wore a glove with IR markers in a motion capture environment. Moving along the 'y' axis (forward-back) triggered notes when crossing boundaries, velocity controlled amplitude. Height controlled some scalable dimension, like filter frequency or speed of a drum loop.\
\
	1s - He'd like for loads not to accumulate (opposite of the modularity paradigm we have now), because he had simple mappings, but wanted to switch quickly between them. Needed separate steps to delete a mapping, then load a new one seemed needlessly cumbersome.\
	2s - Only used scaling, worked well in that context.\
\
	1v - Mostly used the list view, liked how the grid view gave him a new perspective on his network (from a visual standpoint), did not seem not need it for editing.\
	2v - Both worked well, provided different perspectives.\
	3v - List view\
\
	4f - No complains (small network)\
	5f - no\
	6f - Network presets so that he could get his setup up and running quickly. It was a tool for him, so it's necessary to make sure it doesn't get in the way, and functions properly.\
	Also would like to see feedback on the connections by mousing over them (update rate, value, etc.)\
	Some tool to see expression syntax.\
\
	2g - Thinks it work well. Helped his experiment overall. Libmapper is too hard for non-experts to implement. The gui brings it down to a more reasonable level.}