{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11600\viewh12040\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Page 9: "the point of evidence displays is to assist the thinking of the producer and consumer alike"\
\

\b Sparklines:
\b0 \
\
page 48: "A single word of 6 or 7 letters, the average English word length, makes 100 to 1,000 visual distinctions. Why not also construct empty\{data graphics\} that work at the resolution of routine typography? Thus the idea of sparklines: small, intense, wordlike graphics."\
\
Page 49: crazy idea with chinese characters, emoticons?\
\
Page 50: "The idea is to be approximately right rather than exactly wrong"\
 "The resolving power of the eye enables it to differentiate to 0.1 mm where provoked to do so." (D.P. Bickmore, "The relevance of Cartography")\
\
Page 53: Lots of scientific papers are low res, high res is 200 numbers per square centimeter, and helps describe big data sets. Also great sorting algorithm picture\
\
Page 56: Bumps chart might be useful, I'm not sure how\
\
Page 57:  "More generally, n-1 dimension scenes are mere shadows of n-space activities, precisely the plight of residents of Abbott's Flatland and even, at times, residents of nature's spaceland."\
  Also, dashplots will certainly be useful\
\
Page 60: Practical considerations for sparklines. Greater in length than height (because it's meant to show progression, not accurately measure a variable)\
  "Variations in slopes are best detected when the slopes are around 45 degrees, uphill or downhill." [5]\
\
Page 61: top has good models\
  "By segregating evidence by mode (word, number, image, graph), the current-day computer approach contradicts the spirit of sparklines, a spirit that makes no distinction among words, numbers, graphics, images. It is all evidence, after all." Actually, that whole paragraph is killer.\
  ?moir\'e9 vibration?\
\
Page 62: god, this is all so\'85 VISUAL\
	" 'Do the prominent visual effects convey relevant content?' In the exhibits above earning the unfortunate \{big red x\}, the most prominent visual effect is usually the clutter produced by activated negative space."\
\

\b Links and Causal Arrows:
\b0 \
\
Modern Futura Type\
\

\i "what precisely do the arrows mean?"
\i0 \
\
Page 67/68: "\'85arrows are 
\i identical generic links rather than specific verbs 
\i0 reflecting artistic activities. Baxandall's list shows that a vivid language of differentiated verbs is available to characterize relationships among art and artists. \
  The Barr art chart is an imaginative, important diagram. It also illustrates the implicit but powerful assumptions of visual summaries, and the importance of presenting evidence about the 
\i specific character of relationships
\i0  among verbal elements. Many diagrammic links and arrows assume too much and explain too little, an ambiguity in action. The more generic the arrows and lines, the greater the ambiguity."\
\
Page 76: Serving simultaneously as images, equations, and verbal summaries, Feynman diagrams are multimodal and thus, in practice, often modeless."\
\
 }