{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14960\viewh10460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs32 \cf0 It has been shown that the choice of mapping is a primary factor in the design of DMIs [6]
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf0 {\listtext	.	}[6] \'a0A. Hunt, M. M. Wanderley, and M. Paradis, \'93The importance of parameter mapping in electronic instrument design,\'94 Journal of New Music Research, vol. 32, pp. 429\'96440, December 2003. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\fs32 \cf0 Mathematicians often say that a function \'94maps\'94 a domain to or onto a range, hence the reason for using the term mapping as a synonym for function [7].\
	.	P. V. O\'92Neil, Beginning Partial Dierential Equations. Wiley-Interscience, 1999. 
\fs24 \
\
	
\fs32 To avoid confusion in later chapters, note that this the opposite of how outputs and inputs are referred to in a DMI mapping. The set of output signals is actually the domain of a DMI mapping and the set of input signals is the codomain of a DMI mapping.
\fs24 \
	% Cite vijay about the inputs-outputs/outputs->inputs/sources->destinations thing\

\fs32 Two sets are defined to have the same cardinality if there exists a bijection between the two sets.
\fs24 \

\fs32 In the computer science context, a mapping is an abstract data type or concrete data structure, commonly referred to as an associative array or dictionary [9].\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	.	}K. Mehlhorn and P. Sanders, Algorithms and Data Structures: The Basic Toolbox. Springer, 2008. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \

\fs32 Within computer science, cardinality is a concept used in relational database systems [10]. A relational database can be seen as a very robust and flexible data labeling system,\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	.	}J. Rumbaugh, \'93Relations as semantic constructs in an object-oriented language,\'94 in 
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs32 Conference proceedings on Object-oriented programming systems, languages and appli- cations, OOPSLA \'9287, (New York, NY, USA), pp. 466\'96481, ACM, 1987. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \

\fs32 In an acoustic musical instrument, the equivalents of the \'94control mechanism\'94 and \'94sound generation mechanism\'94, as they are called in a DMI, are intrinsically coupled or bound to each other because the physical material (e.g. wood, metal, horse hair) of the instrument that forms the control mechanism also forms the sound generation mechanism.
\fs24 \

\fs32 In physical terms, when two formerly intrinsically coupled aspects of system are free to become uncoupled, a new degree of freedom is introduced.\
In the context of DMI research this new degree of freedom is the freedom to choose a mapping [6].
\fs24 \

\fs32 These two contexts have also been referred to as a systems point of view and a functional point of view respectively [11].  Systems = network, functional = connection properties
\fs24 \
	
\fs32 	.	D. V. Nort, Modular and Adaptive Control of Sound Processing. PhD thesis, McGill University, Montreal, QC, Canada, January 2010. 
\fs24 \
\
}