{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh14600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Vijay
\b0 \
Many thanks to my supervisor, Professor Marcelo M. Wanderley, for his abundance of available time for his students and helping me integrate my personal work with the work of others at the Input Devices and Music Interaction Laboratory (IDMIL).
\fs24 \

\fs32 I am grateful to have been in the presence of all the students and professors of Music Technology at McGill University. Never have I been part of a group of people who were so eager to oer their time to others who needed help, regardless of whether they had something to gain from it. Special thanks to Joseph Malloch and Stephen Sinclair, without whose help and hours of work on the Mapper Tools project I would never have been able to even contemplate this research project.
\fs24 \

\fs32 I would never have survived the Montreal winters if it was not for Vincent Freour, a boundless source of energy who pulled me out into the sunlight even when I was determined to remain in my cave.
\fs24 \

\fs32 Finally, infinite gratitude to my parents Pandu and Padma who have always and will continue to support me, no matter how seemingly useless and lost I may appear through my many journeys.
\fs24 \

\b Zadel\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf0 I am deeply indebted to a number of individuals who helped shape and support this project in many ways. My thesis advisor, Gary Scavone, provided significant guidance and feedback over the course of my research. His contribution to the development and organization of the underlying ideas greatly enhanced this work.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 Thanks to my talented colleagues in the McGill Music Technology Area for provid- ing a rich environment within which to pursue this research. The faculty and students served as a constant inspiration, and our various discussions were instrumental in shap- ing this project. Thanks to the user testers for their valuable feedback: Dave Benson, Andrey da Silva, Thor Magnusson, Elliot Sinyor and others.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 Many thanks to my family\'97Veronica, Joe, Lydia and Andrew\'97who have been in- credibly supportive, patient and understanding over the course of my degree. Finally, a special thanks goes to Penny Kaill-Vinish, without whose constant encouragement and perspective this project might never have been started, let alone finished.
\f0\b\fs24 \
Malloch\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs32 \cf0 First of all, many thanks to my advisor Marcelo Wanderley, for guidance, insight, and inspiration. Thanks also to Sean Ferguson, who \'96 with Marcelo \'96 suggested the project that begat the T-Stick, and to D. Andrew Stewart, who began this project with me and contributed unreasonable amounts of time to mapping and synthesis. My colleagues in the McGill Music Technology area have also been a tremendous resource, who never cease to surprise me with their originality and diversity of opinion. Special thanks to Dave Birnbaum, Elliot Sinyor, Steve Sinclair, Mark Marshall, and Darryl Cameron for technical help, discussion and fascinating arguments.
\fs24 \

\fs32 Many thanks to the members of the Digital Orchestra project \'96 D. Andrew Stewart, Fernando Rocha, Xenia Pestova, Stephen Sinclair, Mark Marshall, Heather Hindman, Chlo\uc0\u32 \u769 e Dominguez, and Rodolphe Koehly \'96 without whom this project would never have grown to its present state. Thanks are also due to the Centre for Interdisciplinary Research in Music Media and Technology (CIRMMT), for supporting this project financially through student awards.
\fs24 \

\fs32 Finally, a special thanks to my family \'96 Susan, Louise, Nora, and Helen \'96 not only for agreeing to proof-read this thesis, but also for their support and interest over the years.
\fs24 \
}