{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11020\viewh13240\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Questions:
\b0 \
\

\b General:
\b0 \
	1g- What do you use web mapper for? (Emphasize variety of use cases)\
	2g- General likes/complaints? (for the end) Would you use it again?\
\

\b Basic features:
\b0 \
	1s- What did you think of the saving and loading paradigm (if you used it)?\
	2s- How about expression editing?\
\

\b Views:\
	
\b0 1v
\b - 
\b0 What did you think of the different views?\
	2v- Were you able to understand the structure of the network through the available visualizations? Which one worked the best?\
	3v- Were you able to manipulate the network quickly and intuitively with the available UI features? Which visualization worked the best?\
\

\b Functionality:
\b0 \
	4f- Was the program responsive enough?\
	5f- Did you notice any bugs?\
	6f- What features would you like to see implemented? \
\

\b Mailis:\
\
	
\b0 problems with saving and loading are big problems! (when the occur!)\
\

\b Clayton (6/26):\
\
	
\b0 1g - Clayton got data from the vicon, a motion capture system in the form of 25 groups of xyz coordinates from markers on the body. He researches dynamic control of audio for interactive installations. He was mostly specializing sound. 25 xyz = 14 relative vectors (pitch/roll/yaw).\
	In another work he is incorporating Mailis' work with libmapper and controlling synthesis (1 position and rotation with triggers in her maxpatch.\
	With his work there are often a few discreet states of mapping. What is necessary is for him to transition between these states quickly AND smoothly.\
	\
	1s - Didn't use saving and loading\
	2s - Didn't use expression editing, though did use the range function quite a lot (worked well)\
\
	1v - Only had the one view\
\
	4f - Yes, though chrome could take a while to open (shouldn't do it in chrome).\
	5f - When interacting with the network both through webmapper and max, sometimes the GUI had to be restarted to get an accurate view of the network. Not sure why this is. He emphasized that for live control it is necessary for the user to really trust that the GUI accurately reflects what is going on with the network, and that manipulations will work well.\
	6f - Something, a version of the saving and loading, to transition between states. Sort of like a script.\
\
	2g - Before, for this project, he had to build all mappings by hand. Boot the patch, define every mapping, range, for every signal and every state. It was A LOT of work. As a tool libmapper and the GUI work well for him as it greatly reduces his workload and the time it takes to implement changes.\
\

\b Julie (6/25):\
\
	
\b0 1g - Julie uses web mapper for her firmata bindings for libmapper. Fimata is a tool that allows users to control arduino completely from a host computer. Together with a raspberry pi julie hopes to run a completely embedded version of libmapper. Input pins are mapped to libmapper signals. Webmapper will be included as THE gui for her firmatamapper.\
	\
	4f - The raspberry pi has only 256MB of ram. The GUI runs, but is a little slow.\
	5f - Sometimes she has to refresh to make sure the network is the same (they get out of sync).\
	6f - See above, its most important that the GUI accurately reflects the network.\
\

\b Hakon
\b0 :\
\
	1g - Hakon used webmapper to map audio signals to haptic devices in a glove while simultaneously outputting audio. He used two devices, with a half dozen signals. He had to switch often between mappings for he was conducting an experiment that involved comparison between them. He used the expression to scale signals.\
	Users wore a glove with IR markers in a motion capture environment. Moving along the 'y' axis (forward-back) triggered notes when crossing boundaries, velocity controlled amplitude. Height controlled some scalable dimension, like filter frequency or speed of a drum loop.\
\
	1s - He'd like for loads not to accumulate (opposite of the modularity paradigm we have now), because he had simple mappings, but wanted to switch quickly between them. Needed separate steps to delete a mapping, then load a new one seemed needlessly cumbersome.\
	2s - Only used scaling, worked well in that context.\
\
	1v - Mostly used the list view, liked how the grid view gave him a new perspective on his network (from a visual standpoint), did not seem not need it for editing.\
	2v - Both worked well, provided different perspectives.\
	3v - List view\
\
	4f - No complaints (small network)\
	5f - no\
	6f - Network presets so that he could get his setup up and running quickly. It was a tool for him, so it's necessary to make sure it doesn't get in the way, and functions properly.\
	Also would like to see feedback on the connections by mousing over them (update rate, value, etc.)\
	Some tool to see expression syntax.\
\
	2g - Thinks it work well. Helped his experiment overall. Libmapper is too hard for non-experts to implement. The gui brings it down to a more reasonable level.\
\

\b Mailis - 
\b0 \
\
  Intonespacio\
  Found list view most useful, esp for starting, but thought hive was good for looking and manipulation after she started\
  2 devices, 30ish signals each\
  Contintioned signals in max, didn't realize how easy it was\
\
}